# gov-lab Triage 01 13.02.2019

## Tension 1

Need to relieve Griff of Community-Meeting host/facilitator role and step up the game of Gov Maintainer Roles people (Lorelei, Josh, Kay).

### Proposal
Formalize the action steps of the role that have to be carried out every week in order to have a **proper** community meeting with all cats herded.

### Action Steps
1 - Accept [gov-circle-maintainer (on line 36)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10yFmRviEoeUCg8GfWizHBtkFqU9kgm_OhmIj9Lt-ONU/edit#gid=2099154701) role for the week
2 - Appoint notetaker for next meeting
3 - Prepare meeting notes according to `governance-meeting-template.md`
4 - Announce meeting a few hours ahead of time, by describing:

    * exact time
    * loomio decisions for discussion
    * if a fireside chat is to be expected
    * meeting room in jit.si (usually https://meet.jit.si/giveth-gov)
    * don't forget to @room and the appointed notetaker
5 - Enter room ahead of time and check if streaming works, by starting it with youtube key
6 - Share notes link in Jitsi chat
7- Announce again who will facilitate the meeting, who will take minutes and who will take care of any follow-up
8 - Hold meeting
9 - Close meeting by appointing maintainer for following week

---
## Tension 2

Need to clear up roles around gov circle.

### Proposal
Merge the roles on rows 32 & 36 - *gov circle maintainer* & *governance decision documentation* and pass the role to the gov circle triad.

### New role accountabilities
Merge responsibilities of the roles and add responsibility for stream metadata edits:

- organize a weekly gov meeting (gov-lab host)
- write posts for our medium & wiki with guidance for future DACs
- Git hub Gov repo maintenance
- Make sure that notes are taken (a notetaker should be recruited before the meeting)
- Edit and Upload notes after community meeting
- Agreed proposals shall be added to approved policies on Wiki
- When stream is completed go to youtube and edit:
    * title of meeting
    * add to *community meetings playlist*
    * add youtube link to notes

---
## Tension 3

Wiki reorg left with unpolished nav

### Proposal
PR here: https://github.com/Giveth/giveth-wiki/pull/66

## Tension 4
Hackmd stuff; ideally we would write notes in Atom live together and then create a pull request after the meeting closes so they land in a shared wiki. 
